same zoom link as each other so we were
still in the docs meeting
I wouldn't call joins for them yes so
this is now the project operations
weekly meeting but previously these two
meetings were not next to each other at
all and so sharing the same zoom URL
made sense
now that they are right next to each
other does not work so well so we're
gonna we're gonna get them anew I'm
using your own right next week
alrighty as we discussed last week we
kind of want to do a going over the main
objectives for this group and doing kind
of updates and what what's new within
this call and so I've updated the agenda
template for thank you Dietrich for
actually pointing to the correct day of
the week oh yeah here is our notes TOC
for this for this group and if you are
leading I'm kind of one of these areas
if you could give a quick update if
there's anything new in your area or any
blockers or things that you'd like
people's input or visibility into and
that'd be super useful then the other
two oh I have two cats and the other
agenda items can be added below that so
one is finalizing using okrs and a
couple other like tracking and okay are
related questions so feel free to add
more agenda items as well it is what are
you doing
you
maybe let's start going through some of
these things as people or maybe let's
give people another minute to write and
then well we'll start from the top so
I'm good
you
Michael your puppy is really cute
does he or she have a name Michael
he does its sergeant and he got home
last night
so I'm showing off to everybody well
welcome to the ipfs family Sergeant he's
pretty excited he looks very cuddly cool
well let's we don't have have that much
time so let's take let's take a pass
through um all right first things first
I advise implementations are shipping
quality releases on a schedule there
were a couple of beatings last week I
think Steven do you want to give a quick
recap of the two meetings
you
yes okay so yeah we had to paint
meetings one was reviewing the released
patent which has now been merged so good
photography has a more structured
release process we still need to
coordinate with our early testers and
make sure they're completely on board
we're going to ask them to do but we're
gonna test that with the next release
which will be a patch released with no
new features next up is we all had heard
on bali myself had a meeting to discuss
like the plan to start releasing again
so now we have a road map it basically
just covers like all the tests and
things we need to do before we feel
comfortable company to release or a new
future release so happen there there's a
lot of stuff in there so it's gonna take
us a while to get to that point but I
will definitely be discussing the items
that flowed out of that meeting cool
collaborations deitrick slash Arkady No
yeah so I will represent last week we
got together for a couple of days or
kaleo's in San Francisco and we camped
out to the lab space in the final days
and hours of its existence to plan how
to systematize collaborations and and
also can revitalize the user registry
and use that as a base and single source
of truth for how we track the people we
know they're using at TFS and the
relationships we have with a subset of
those people the kind of overarching
characteristic of what we wanted to
design was as as simple as possible
while providing the basic core
functionality that we need which is not
full-blown crme type of situation but an
understanding being able to answer the
most important questions to us which
most often turns out to who who is using
at gift
what are they using it for and do we
have a way to communicate directly with
them if need be so we'll probably have
something to be able to present to this
meeting for review week after this one
since this week we'll be personally
eaten up by D webcam I guess this isn't
it doesn't quite collaboration since we
didn't work with these folks but
attending the Mitchell Park Library ipfs
exhibit was super super cool and
definitely like if anything comes of it
in terms of awesome cool collaborations
with libraries to bring workshops or
anything like that I'll I'll let this
group know and hopefully we can anyone
who happens to be in town could could
come it was the library staff at
Mitchell Park library
like literally I found it because I've
read it not because it happens to be
like you know less than a mile away so
that photo was amazing yeah there is
another photo which I do not have yet
because someone from the library ticket
would of like you know the people who
actually spend all of the time creating
that amazing box including doing all of
the lettering on it which is
mind-blowing
including aqm hash with like all of
these little leather it's crazy but uh
yeah super snazzy cool community news
the only thing I have here is having
launched David's awesome ipfs camp recap
blog post
thank you to beefer for putting that
together and for every one for thank you
for finishing it everyone anyone else
have any communications related things
they've seen I know we have an agenda
item to talk talk about this a little
bit more alrighty
um maintenance tea trick
yeah we had a web browser and GUI
meeting last week talked a little bit
about this there's there are no fires at
this point which is good but I think
that the next step is going to be kind
of formalizing what that with the
delivery and metrics around the
maintenance of things that we want to
continue moving forward yet not moving
forward at the speed of the most
important thing this looks like and I
think part of that is is finding dris
for each one of those things being being
really clear about what those things are
if you have thoughts about what success
looks like for for something like this
you know feel free to drop them in it's
it's weird that success isn't negative
they're not not a negative but the
absence of effort so some effort to
ensure the absence of effort but I think
you know as long as the the products are
still functioning I think that's
probably the biggest risk is that work
in area a results in a regression in low
priority area B that we don't see that's
probably the biggest risk there so that
our products are not regressing in
functionality would probably be a good
way of measuring success yeah something
like know regressions or if there are
regressions we catch them and fix them
very quickly so like kind of the
combination of those two things you know
if we are we are proactive enough about
paying attention to and addressing any
issues that come up to make sure that
the web UI and desktop and these things
that our users and we rely on all the
time in order to to make use of ipfs
continue supporting our needs really
effectively is the place I notice um
Henry could couldn't attend this call
today I don't know if he came in the
future is the current place where we're
going to talk about maintenance and such
this web browsers GUI meeting or do we
also need to try and carve a time out of
the core information implementations
call or something else for that I think
it was probably fun to keep
meeting for now although this the same
people are working on those areas are
still going to that ones can be it
sounds good daveed research I measured
okay let me know if I can I can brakes a
little bit so on research plans you jet
types to amazing George basically they
took ownership of writing a proposal for
mm I see em and you know pretty much all
our contacts you in a few days to
confirm Oh like the the trainer's
biographies and so on so yeah we expect
that to be accepted then we like me and
Molly LHS last week about like just to
get the specs into mistake I can start
research crusade but I get something
that supports research as in we will be
able to have a forum discussions about
our tickets works today so that we know
how to improve it and there's a request
is not submitted wrist weights and like
review is appreciated then there is a
meeting up in English Wednesday but it
is a meeting after many many emails but
it's basically me Evan George it's
sitting in person import review Ike's
multiple of the research plans and ideas
that every night floating through
multiple emails and just kind of like
articulating that and paving a path for
for the next quarters so I expect to
have lots more of page after that
meeting happens awesome awesome
thank you
all right Mitchell I'm assuming your
question was that a about a previous
item and not research okay cool and then
we'll just continue onwards and the
first item for us is finalizing q3 okay
ours right before this meeting I sent
out a note about having a in all hands
where we can present these things and
make it available to the community as
well this explanation of the things that
we're prioritizing for the quarter so
the goal there the need for us is to
finalize our okay hours prior to that
meeting such that we can present them
back to the rest of the community I feel
really good about them we now have a
github issue so if folks want to kind of
comment back and forth or continue
refining wording on these things I think
we should aim to have this in the
spreadsheet by Wednesday so that we have
any any time necessary to do any final
things before before I'm meeting on
Thursday I and a number of other people
I think disappear off to do web camp
midday on Thursday
so the that's kind of our cutoff for
making sure that that gets done this
week as well so I and there's been some
progress on these things but I think we
could work on making them more precise
and measurable and you know we having
some initiatives is okay but making sure
we have metrics that are going to tell
us whether or not those initiatives are
doing what we care about and whether
we're being successful in those things
it's really important so there are dris
I think for each area please do continue
to take a pass through and probably on
on Thursday we we can have people speak
through their particular area from the
sheet any open questions are thoughts
about okay ours that that sounds good
things for moving these to PR the the
measurement part is going to be really
important especially since we're already
one-sixth into the quarter yeah and I
think the to the extent that we can have
fewer items in our okay ours
the
better having too many things makes it
really hard to prioritize across so
let's let's really focus on having the
most important things be what we're
tracking here or the indicators that all
of our work ends up being successful
versus the lit to do list of all of the
things we plan to do this quarter we
realize we're gonna do a lot of stuff
okay it's not the best place to track
our are very optimistic to you list of
everything we want to do cool did you do
what is not yet represented in okay ours
definitely supporting supporting team
growth is is kind of one of those areas
Deitrick get ahead yeah and so I've
added this because I remember things
being on that on the boards that we were
sketching out a team week but that night
review the photos and it's actually
pretty good the hiring is represented
here and there but not wholly as a
cohesive thing so I feel like that's one
area where there's a bunch of activity
that it may be necessarily need to be
represented in okay iris but I but that
was I think you added that there or
somebody else did that was the only
thing that was on the board in several
places but then showing up in the okay
hours I'm not sure if you should be
tracked here but it was more that I know
it takes up a lot of time so it's
something to consider as we you know
decide what we're focusing on this
quarter it will take it's probably some
of the people on this call that will be
time sucked a way to help with that so
we should acknowledge I didn't have a
track somewhere yeah the other area that
I feel reflecting back on that I feel
like um we could use some more
definition is things around community
support that being something that you
know there are already people who are
doing amazing work in in the wider ipfs
community to support people onboarding
and kind of run local chapters and and
also be super engaged
in in the ipfs community and helping
people and so figuring out how we can
continue supporting community support
and and help others and invest in this
and make IP of us or more useful for
people who are on board of Emmet I think
that falls within this group however I
don't see us having a lot of okay ours
for it so far and yet I think that we
are the place where that work Falls so
that's a good another another kappa
alright if there aren't any other items
moving on to the next thing which is
where do we want to track this group's
work proposal so far is ipfs slash
project which is what we've used in the
past for tracking this that's I have
made a pull request to the description
of IVFs left project which describes
this group and kind of the stuff we're
taking on this quarter so that's the
direction I've been going in my head but
also aware that like some things aren't
always the best the best fit for github
issues or arguably better attractive IP
fest slash blog or something like that
which I think he's okay but that that's
been my top level like the default of
tracking these things in IP fest slash
project was where my head was going does
anyone have other other ideas or
ultimate suggestions
I added added this mostly again from a
kind of measurement standpoint so when
we get to the end of the quarter where
can we look for each one of these things
what's there once these are all in the
okay are sheets and finalized
maybe we can add links back to issues
that we filed or if they're not in the
projects repo at a link to where we
would check for Plus on hybrids
all right last last item in our agenda
so I have more agenda items if your item
has been covered and the blog post we
want to ship this quarter and I'll find
implications capabilities ipfs I key
three priorities more camp posts network
usage D web camp yeah I think having
some for these these events that we
expect to be attending makes a lot of
sense I'm kind of like the IP of us camp
recap but with you know I think there
are many other things that we want to
talk about from my PFS camp there was so
much great discussion and content there
that yeah I imagine having or helping
others create these recap posts for IP
bus camp there's a lot of fodder there
whereas for some of the events we're
going to in the next couple months
having a single post that recaps both
kind of our our participation and our
top takeaways or the coolest things we
saw or stuff like that could be could be
super cool I'm so I think signing
ourselves up for for each of these these
events to do a post makes sense what
three is another one that falls into
that bucket which is end of August and
the last web three also had some really
cool ipfs related discussions
I am tentatively planning to go but I
haven't thought about it anymore than
making sure that I am not otherwise
booked to that particular week and those
definitely are on the mind and other
people want to comment on some of the
items that other folks wrote down here
I'll just throw out in response to your
your mentioned I was like how much we
can get out of my PFS camp on specific
topics the model that we use for offline
camp which is admittedly a very
different beast and this is an extremely
time-consuming effort but we actually
have volunteers who are at each right
there are more there are more kinds of
content at ipfs can but that offline
camp for example it's like the
discussions that happen on conference
discussions we get a volunteer from each
of those who take
the written summary and turns it into a
blog post so a structure like that maybe
it doesn't work until the next event but
a structure like that where you then
need an editor to be pulling from
different people and editing the content
but having volunteers write about stuff
that they were engaged in can work well
it's just a ton of work that's something
that comes to mind based on what you're
suggesting is also having area dris from
ipfs camp talk about the area that they
were DRI for because they tend to have
the you know they they have the
connections who kind of who did what so
if you did lightning talks you probably
have the information for most of the
people who are doing lightning talks and
most of their presentation material and
I know that's that's like again
distributing load for writing a lot of
posts across the team but that
definitely will be better than trying to
ask one person to write eight blog posts
all about various content happening and
ifs camp and I do really love the idea
of getting more people throughout the
community doing this though I think
that'd be really awesome yeah I guess
another thing that falls in this bucket
of well I guess not specifically blog
post but like communications bucket
other stuff we want to communicate I
need to circle back what Zach on this to
get an estimate but you said there may
be more budget checking mid-quarter as
to whether it might make sense to do
interviews at offline camp of people who
are on that bridging that border line of
offline first and ipfs in which case it
would be like interview format video
about offline capabilities of ipfs so
that's one option
for an output if it were something that
we were able to fund I know if like him
doesn't have the money to be able to
fund it themselves
Hercules aqua saying that some of the
video content from
ipfs camp was gonna be ready like within
the first two weeks so we're probably
gonna have a dump of that getting ready
soon and we should make sure to do the
processing and get it out to people
quickly so that they can also share it
and link to it and all of their we've
definitely been getting pings of like I
would like to include the video of my
lightning talk in this other publication
so it's definitely thing - all right we
have two minutes left other things or
shall we index back in onto anything
that people want to talk about more
Sidra
you want to do a blog post about the q3
the the reprioritization taking another
technique to let the community know what
we're working on or do we want to let
them know after we have worked on it the
last last quarter we did videos so every
every group did kind of a video walking
through there okay our section of the
sheet and we put these all things all
these things out his videos I think
it'll be significantly faster to do as a
blog post I like the idea at the same
time it also feels like we're just gonna
take what's on github and like swish it
around but maybe that's still really
useful to people to like put it into a
more accessible readable blog post form
then reading your github so I'm saying
let's a thumbs up if you want to take a
pass at this or if anyone else is
excited - I'm super down let's make it
happen
yeah I'm happy to if anybody else wants
to I will summarize I do not have time I
can help you your first perfect we will
align their powers because ah awesome
plan to do it we are we are not out of
time but we shall continue on these
threads async and as we finish finalize
our okay ours which should be a top
priority for all of us let's make sure
that we have github issues for tracking
so that we can continue onward with all
of these awesome tasks
who okay I'm gonna stop recording